hi to you all giuseppe agozzino later
having unpacked that photograph
the samsung galaxy s iii is the time
to insert the micro sd battery
eventual the microsim close the whole
especially with regard to the micro
sd specifically we talk about a
32 GB model
so let's proceed with fixing
battery and whatever else we will proceed
even with the first ignition as
concerns the micro sd as for how much
covers the rest of the various details
always be delicate when
proceed to insert components
so compact you only need one hand
and true totals to use a little
caution in short, it is always good if you say
one click for both as you have seen
then they fit in firmly
ease at this point we can
proceed to ignition use the
button on the side as we did
see us is the samsung greets you
at this point inserted to the eventual
pin
us that the startup procedure does not
we will cut nothing
insert the pin
the moment you down a
left
read safe mode as you
he simply saw first
proceed to reboot
ok the message aside that obviously
they arrive at the moment you are there
find the configuration for example
which connections to make for example
turn off test phone and while
someone sends communications to you
let's remove to make the movie
still clean but the important thing was
however highlight the fact that if
happens as it happened now a
initial start in safe mode
a simple reboot as you see the
then allows you to start using the
phone with firm satisfaction on
first start the insertion of the micro
sim battery microsd sum
it ends so there is nothing else to show to
this point I can simply
close the thing and start enjoying the
own samsung galaxy s3 is thema
ended I greet you and thank you
of attention I invite you to follow us
through the site formed the point i
phone and related social media channels
we have activated for you
we are on twitter facebook and youtube
dailymotion if you follow us stay
easily contact us
promptly updated on everything
how much we have publish for you
now it's all thanks see you online a
I greet you soon by the young Giuseppe